c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg320.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg320_64.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\HSVColorPicker.exe.config
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\HSVColorPicker.exe
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\HSVColorPicker.pdb
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.pdb
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.pdb
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.pdb
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker.g.resources
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker.exe
c:\users\120094\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HSVColorPicker\HSVColorPicker\obj\Debug\HSVColorPicker.pdb
